# C/C++ Sandbox
A repository which includes code written in C and code written in C++.

## Contents
**Note: this section is subject to change.**
* *This README's directory* -- The home for this README, for `.gitignore`, etc.
    * *The [`c`](c/) directory*
        * *The [`c/copied`](c/copied/) directory* -- Each `.c` or `.h` file in this directory has been copied from the webpage whose URL is in that file's first line.
        * *The [`c/normal`](c/normal/) directory*
    * *The [`cpp`](cpp/) directory*
        * *The [`cpp/gen`](cpp/gen/) directory*
            * *The [`cpp/gen/input`](cpp/gen/input/) directory* -- This directory's files are used to generate and export other files to the `cpp/gen/output` directory.
            * *The `cpp/gen/output` directory* -- This directory's files might be needed for the successful compilation of one or more files in the `cpp/normal` directory. This directory's files are generated by `make`, so **`.gitignore` must ignore this directory.**
        * *The [`cpp/normal`](cpp/normal/) directory*

## Using `make`
* To build, run `make` from this README's directory.
* To clean, run `make clean` from this README's directory.

## Warnings
* Because `all` and `clean` are used as Makefile targets, don't name any file or directory in this repo `all` or `clean`.
* Be careful about making edits to `.gitignore`, or else important files may get ignored.
* Be careful about making edits to `Makefile` files, or else important files might not get compiled correctly.
    * One example would be the omission of one or more prerequisites for a Makefile target.
* Only have one `.gitignore` file in this repo: namely, [the one in this README's directory](.gitignore).
    * [Click here for further explanation](#why-not-have-more-than-one-gitignore-file).

### Why not have more than one `.gitignore` file?
[This page on `.gitignore` files](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/saving-changes/gitignore) explains why it is preferable to have only *one* `.gitignore` file:
1. "If your repository has multiple .gitignore files, simply mentally replace 'repository root' with 'directory containing the .gitignore file' (and consider unifying them, for the sanity of your team)."
2. "However the convention, and simplest approach, is to define a single `.gitignore` file in the root."
3. "If you have complicated `.gitignore` patterns, or patterns spread over multiple `.gitignore` files, it can be difficult to track down why a particular file is being ignored."

## Special Thanks
I had some help with this README from...
* https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax
* https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes
